Description:
This game is a two player turn-based game which is played in a 5 x 8 sized board. The goal of the
game is to get to the opposite side of the board. To achieve this one must select where he/she
wants to step and must guess where would his/her opponent step. If one of the player's guess is
right, his/her opponent must stay in its place. If both players' guess was right, noone steps.
Both player can stay on the same tile on the same time. If the players reach the opposite side,
it's draw.

Controls:
    - Play mode:
If you want to play against an AI, select the 'Play' option and hit the Launch Button. A new win-
dow will open, and you will see the board on the left hand side, and the control panel on the
right hand side. On the board you are playing with the yellow triangle and the blue triangle re-
presents your opponent. With the left click you can select where you want to step. The reachable
tiles are lighter. With the right click you can mark your guess. You can change these positions
until you click on the control panel's 'Step' button, or hit the keyboard's <Space> button. Once
you hit one of the previously mentioned button, the program evaluate the guesses and the steps,
and moves the players. The game ends when one of the players wins, or it's a draw. If you want
to play again, press the 'Reset' button on the control panel.
If you have a MensIco strategy file from before, you can Load it with the control panel's 'Load'
button. You can save your opponent's strategy with the 'Save' button.

    - Test mode:
If you want to test the different learning methods, select the 'Test' option and hit Launch Button.
A new window will open and you will see some setup options. With the radio buttons, select the de-
sired learning method, with the scale set how many times you want the computer to play. You can
also Load a previous strategy file as opponent. When you set up everything, click on the 'Test' but-
ton. Depending on your hardware and setup this process may take a while. After the program finished
computing the results will appear on a new window. You can Save the learned strategy in this window,
if you like. You can also log the results into .csv files with the Log buttons.

If you have any question, suggestion or opinion, please contact me!

Have fun!
    Füli - fulibacsi@gmail.com
